feat(init): initialize FloxHub environment (#3884)
flox/flox: cli/flox/doc/flox-init.md

:   Apply Flox recommendations for the environment based on what languages are
    being used in the containing directory.

`--no-auto-setup`
:   Don't auto-detect language support for a project or make suggestions.

## Options to initialize an environment on FloxHub

`-r <owner>/<name>`, `--reference <owner>/<name>`
:   The environment reference for the FlxoHub Environment to be created.

>     User needs write access to `<owner>` and `<name>` may not yet exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    User needs write access to `<owner>`, and an environment with the same `<name>` must not already exist.
```
